All right. Today I have to stop the
ugly, the mutated, the disgusting, the
weirdos from invading our society. I see
that. There's one right there. Somebody
shoot. What is he behind me?
It's I'm going to go hide in the water.
Did you just call me ugly? No. You know
what? Your outfit's confusing. I'm going
to be the bigger person. You're wearing
a scarf, but you got short sleeves on.
It doesn't make any sense. You shut up
my neck. I'm very self-conscious about
it since it's a different color than the
rest of my entire body. Get over here,
Chris. Join me. Okay, look how look how
smart I look. Oh, just stow it.
My arm goes through my stomach. So,
right now, Chris, okay, you take your
sniper rifle and you look down there.
These are civilians that are trying to
run here and get safe from the evil
devil skin walkers. And as long as they
don't look freaky or weird, you got to
kind of inspect them. Then you let them
in. Oh. Oh, that guy's got a mustache,
but I think that's normal. Do you see
any weirdos besides yourself? All you
looking Okay, I see a couple weirdos.
This guy's head is flopping back and
forth. I got him. He tilting head. That
guy's named Henry. He had a weird walk.
This guy's just tall and as a tall
person. That guy's got bad cosplay. Oh,
he was a giant. You got him. It tells us
kind of a new defect. That guy's got a
fedora. That guy's got weird long arms.
Got him. Okay. Zombie walking. That guy
got a fedora again. Luckily, they're
labeled right now. He's just crawling
around. It's not because Okay, now
they're no longer labeled. You see the
weird walking guy, Chris? That guy's a
frog.
Wait, was that actual I don't think that
was right. Oh, he's just wearing a frog
hat. Okay. He's cosplaying as you. I'm a
frog. Don't shoot frogs, man. That's
rude. Can I shoot? Hey, frogs are
stupid. Can I shoot you?
That guy's green. Nope. Hi, Chris. Where
are you? I'm out here. I'm running
around with civilians. Do we need to put
them in the sack? Can I shoot you? You
need to protect me, Chris. Protect me. I
was walking upside down. Only shoot the
the skin walkers. Okay. Crawling
backwards. I keep shooting civilians.
Don't. We'll lose money. I've lost so
much. Oh, wait. We can put them in the
sack. Okay. Chris, this guy looks weird.
Chris. This guy. Huh? Chris. Yeah. Which
guy? The guy in front of me. Okay. Never
mind. I shot him in the butt. I shot the
frog. Don't shoot the frog. The frog is
me. Wait. Wait a second. You need more
kills than me cuz I'm at out here
collecting stuff. That's not fair. Yeah.
I've shot so many civilians. Dry eyes.
Weird arms. They're heavy. Actually,
like where does it tell you that? Uh-oh.
I've got negative
$85. Uh-oh. Am I locked out? Oh, okay.
The gate. I thought I was going to be
stuck at here, but there's there's the
entrance. Oh, these guys are freaky.
Sell skin walkers in the bank. Okay,
it'll be a slam dunk. I'm going to get
all the money. Oh, look at all this
money, bro. There's Are you okay out
there? No, it's scary. But I'm getting
money. I'm getting nightmares. Well,
keep it up. I'm going to get a better
gun. I've got 400 bucks, trash walkers,
crucifer, a minigun for 10,000. Ooh. Can
you go out and stack these guys? No, I
did that last time. It's your turn. I'm
going to shoot. You go put them in the
sack. Do we share money? How much money
do you have now? $85. Why do you have
$85? I might have shot a lot of
civilians. Like a lot of them. Oh, at
night they're not disguised. That's
what's going on. That makes sense. Like
my philosophy was as long as I survive,
we we're good. How do you sack them? You
press F. Okay. Cover me. I am. Now
you're just dragging their bodies
around. Oh, there's one coming backwards
towards you. Look out. How do they even
do that? Going the wrong way. Look
out. I got you. I got you. There's two.
Well, I keep get out of my
way. Sack. Feel like I'm collecting very
deadly flowers. Just get one more and
then come back. Your sack's full. My
sack is full. I take him to the bank.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to go get some
more. Oh man. All their buy disappeared.
Man, what? I accidentally put like all
mine in the wall. Hold on. I That was
not his affiliate. He got in the way.
There's a guy upside down. This guy has
a big old belly. This guy's floating.
Okay, these guys are all normal. Does it
tell us when not normal people get in?
Give $5,000 cash. Giant Robux. This
guy's running backwards. This guy's got
a big old block head. Can I shoot
people? Well, you shoot the the the skid
walkers backwards. Big belly. [__]
fast. I don't know what to do. What do
you mean? Shoot the zombies. Frog. I'm a
frog. Oh, it's a
civilian. See how this guy's running
weird? Shoot him. I got him. That guy's
backwards. Big belly. Why are we
shooting fat people? I got to reload. A
civilian ran in the way. Oh, this guy's
he floating. Who's floating? There was a
floating guy. I'm collecting them, but
I'm also shooting some while I'm out
here. Oh, yeah. There's a U. There's a U
out there. Oh, he's too beautiful to
live. Oops. Shot a civilian. I missed
and hit a civilian, but my heart was in
the right place. I didn't like that. I
had to shoot me. That's not fair. That
person's arms were on backwards. Yeah,
that means they're a skinwalker. I know,
but it gave me $30. I'm getting close to
being out of ammo, by the way. Well,
then you should probably get more.
There's a crawler. There's a crawler.
Got him. I also shot him. Look like Dave
Gro. All right, I'm going for money.
Yeah, you go. You go load the sack.
Night two. Sell upgrade and don't die.
Well done. Uh, can I get in here at
night? Oh no, man. Oh, man. I Man, I
don't like this. Try not to die. Oh,
machine gun for 10 grand. Sentry. Okay.
Oh. Oh, that's pretty slick. I put it
here. We'll shoot these scary knight
guys. What's the range on it? You only
have it for 10 minutes. Does it have
ammo? Nobody told me that. That's how
they get you. What a waste. I can't I
can't pick it up. That's how they get
you. That's so lame. The real enemy was
capitalism. There's a big pile of them
over there. Oh my gosh. They're going
right in front of me. Get him. Sentry.
All right, let's sack up. Don't say
this. Don't say these things to me. I'm
behind us. Behind us. Behind us. Oh
[Music]
jeez. Ow. Don't worry. I got him in my
sack. I'm go. I'm scared. Run away. Run
away. Does the sentry know who's bad or
we'll just shoot everyone? I don't know.
Oh, supply drop. Oh, the supply drops
out here. You're at half health,
man. I keep
hearing Oh, is the sentry doing it?
Yeah, I keep hearing noises. This guy's
got a bird on his shoulder. Bird people
are weird. I I like birds. He's got a
pretzel on his back. Is that a mutation?
Pig belly. You kill, I'll sack. Big
belly. No, cuz Daniel steal my money.
Zombie walking. The zombie walking ones
will sneak up on you. Big arms. Oh, that
was a civilian. My bad. Oh, supply
crate. A crucifix. The power of force
compels me. I'm going to put this over
here. This Oh, these guys are walking
upside down. I'm not very good at
copying people, are they? Yeah, crucifix
is on the ground. I am out of ammo 100%.
Where do we get ammo? The gun store.
Yeah, probably the gun store. That makes
sense. All right, you go get more more
stuff. I'm going to go get money. I'm
busy shooting people. you know, saving
us, I guess. Oh, I got to do it before
daytime. Well, the day is over, bro. No,
let me get a couple. One, two, three.
Ah, dang it. I got like three. Oh, the
bodies are still here. This seems safe,
right? Oh, jeez. What's happening?
You're dying. Oh, they're like carrying
the dead. What is happening? Oh, that's
freaky. Bravely running away. I'm buying
some snappers. What does Chris Fix do?
Burn seven nearby. Oh, that sounds
awesome. Wait, what? AI scope reveal
skin
walkers. I mean, it's pretty easy. You
just look at them. Nope. I need help. It
does not do anything. It doesn't do
anything. Don't worry, Chris. Check out
what I
got. I put a bear in, but it doesn't
really seem to be slowing them
down. All right. All right. I need I
need to get some of these bodies. I just
want a couple of them. Oh, I got a
couple. One. He's stuck in this truck.
Oh, okay. I don't think he has his CDL
license. Did you just Did you Why is
everything green? Chris, it's just been
Did you make it sticky? No. Can't even
see through all this
gas. Sorry, that's Taco Bell. This AI
doesn't reveal nothing. Wow. It's almost
like it's mostly dumb and useless like
most AI
things. I'm AI. Take that, Tech Bros.
Oops, I shot this. If only I had an AI
scope. I need cash cash money, Chris.
I'm heading out, man. I'm I'm doing
really good right now. It's all the the
turret's doing really good. You're just
taking its credit. No, I'm using the
syringes that won't let me kill
civilians. It only kills the skinwalker.
Or you can just It's so easy to tell
who's a skinwalker. I don't understand
why you're having such an issue, man.
Because, and that's the only explanation
I'm giving. Tiptoe through the dead
people. I'm going to pick it up by the
oven and put them in my sack to mine.
Oh. Uh, all right. I'll cover you. Oh
boy. Oh boy. I'm going to die so hard.
Don't even trip, dog. Okay, you're way
out there, Chris. Get back here. Well,
this is where I killed all the enemies.
You're so far. I can barely see you.
You've got a sniper rifle. I can barely
see you. Ah, shoot them. I'm behind. I
can't see nothing. They're behind me.
Yeah, I know. Shoot. Shoot.
Shoot. Okay, now they're teleporting
behind you, too. They're picking up the
corpses. I'm going to go out there to
pick some up, too. The turret has
expired. Oh, great.
Chris, godamn. And I'm going to cover
Chris. I shot like a million. I died.
You were half a mile out right before
the sun went down. That not my fault.
Just self-revive. I'm not coming to get
you. It's 100% your fault and I'm
blaming you and taking you to court.
Fine. Let me get my attorney, John Q.
Skinwalker. That's fire. Ah, he's by 32.
Oh, dang. We We can't lose. We also
can't win. You can hear all their
screams cuz they're they're When Chris
gets that close, they can they can smell
them. Shut up, man. People don't know
that. All right, Chris. Check it out.
What you
got? Oh, you're going to kill so many
civilians. I know. How is this better? I
guess that's You should load it with the
syringes. No, I guess I can use that.
Oh, no. I'm sorry, civilian. I'm sorry,
civilian. Get out of my way, big tongue.
We don't have the turret now, Chris. So,
we're actually going to have to try.
I've been trying. We're going to have to
actually try if once your life guy's big
weird head looks like Caillou. Oh man, I
don't like that guy. I need to go buy
some bullets. Hold the line. Buy
syringes. Oh, I just let a I let a skin
walker by. Hold on. You bung zombie
walker. Big Ter, hold on. I'm going to
sack some dudes. You're just out there.
Stop networking. Here's my business
card. You know, we should get coffee
sometime. Hey guys. Oh, get out of the
way, idiots. I'm trying to shoot that
crawler. Do you have a whole SAS
solution here? Don't let anyone enter
the village. I'm not. They're fine. I
checked all these guys. Oh, I killed
you. Great. That guy's head is upside
down. Big tongue. There's another you.
Oh, man. They're so good to kill. Oh, I
saw you kill me. You're going to jail.
Going away for a long time. Chris,
there's a me. Don't do it. Crunch.
And I liked it. I shot in the crotch and
I liked it. Oh, that was a civilian.
It's just a normal Monday. Like these
stupid civilians keep getting in the way
of my bullets. Don't quote me on that.
Stop it. That's going to be up in your
trial. Yeah, I should probably wait
until they get a bit closer. E. Yeah.
Now you got Oh, giant guy. He's
beautiful. They seem easier to shoot.
Big Kong, you shot him far back again
after we just said wait till they get
closer. Oh, yeah. Dude, go get the
stuff. Go get him. Go get him. Go get
him. Go get them before they come. Okay,
shoot these guys. I'm shooting. All
right, there's a bunch of them. You see
the guy with the long arms and the
crawling guy? Dang it. Yes, I got three.
I got stuck in the moat and
panicked. I don't have my water wings
on. I'm going to
drown. Oh no. All right, I'm just going
to go lay waste to these freaking night
skin walkers, man. And then I'm going to
time stop them and steal all their stuff
with sacks. Watch this. Watch this. I
got to call them in with their mating
call. My name's Simply Chris and I like
kisses from big old scary
monsters. Where even are they? Uh,
they're stealing our people. Yep. Yep.
There he goes. There he goes. Put those
down as shields. Oh, they're coming in
behind. Oh, yeah. That'll do. All right,
let's let's let them all get real close.
That's the better way to do it. Tell
them an embarrassing secret. That's a
way to get to bond over your closeness.
I knew it. I see one. Don't let that
Don't shoot until you can see the whites
of their
butts. Shooting
now. Got no head down with floating
head. This one's vibrating his crotch
towards me. He's got giant eyeballs.
That guy was wearing a visor, so I shot
him. This guy's just got really cool
arms. That's probably a bad thing. Oh,
that was a civilian. He was smiling and
I thought I was suspicious, but I shot
him. smiling in a seat video. Who can
smile in a world like this? Get out of
my way. Dumb civilians. Chris, it's Sig.
It's ah dang it. What's his name? Sigman
Freud. No. Yes.
Oh, Chris was smart, huh? All right, I'm
going to go get some bodies. Somebody
once told me the world was full of
skinwalkers. You shouldn't shoot
civilians.
He was looking pretty dumb with a big
old thumb and a tongue. And that's why I
shot some. How am I supposed to know
that's a skinwalker? Couldn't even have
a body. It's just a flirty head. He can
have a disability. Oh my god. Leave a
like if you enjoyed. We'll see you next
time. Bye. Love you, Chris. Oh, he
looked normal to me. How is he not
normal? He looked normal to me.